{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff31507\deff0\stshfdbch31505\stshfloch31506\stshfhich31506\stshfbi31507\deflang16393\deflangfe16393\themelang16393\themelangfe0\themelangcs0{\fonttbl{\f0\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f3\fbidi \froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
{\f34\fbidi \froman\fcharset1\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria Math;}{\f36\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\f37\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}
{\flomajor\f31500\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbmajor\f31501\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhimajor\f31502\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02040503050406030204}Cambria;}{\fbimajor\f31503\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\flominor\f31504\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\fdbminor\f31505\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\fhiminor\f31506\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020f0502020204030204}Calibri;}{\fbiminor\f31507\fbidi \froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f39\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f40\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f44\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f45\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f46\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f47\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f399\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}
{\f400\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\f402\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\f403\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}{\f406\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}
{\f407\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\f409\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}{\f410\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\f412\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}
{\f413\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}{\f414\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\f415\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\f416\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\f417\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\flomajor\f31508\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flomajor\f31509\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flomajor\f31511\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flomajor\f31512\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flomajor\f31513\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flomajor\f31514\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flomajor\f31515\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flomajor\f31516\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbmajor\f31518\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbmajor\f31519\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbmajor\f31521\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbmajor\f31522\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbmajor\f31523\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbmajor\f31524\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbmajor\f31525\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbmajor\f31526\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhimajor\f31528\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Cambria CE;}
{\fhimajor\f31529\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Cambria Cyr;}{\fhimajor\f31531\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Cambria Greek;}{\fhimajor\f31532\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Cambria Tur;}
{\fhimajor\f31535\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Cambria Baltic;}{\fhimajor\f31536\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Cambria (Vietnamese);}{\fbimajor\f31538\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\fbimajor\f31539\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fbimajor\f31541\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbimajor\f31542\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\fbimajor\f31543\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fbimajor\f31544\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbimajor\f31545\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\fbimajor\f31546\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\flominor\f31548\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\flominor\f31549\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\flominor\f31551\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\flominor\f31552\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\flominor\f31553\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\flominor\f31554\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\flominor\f31555\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\flominor\f31556\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\fdbminor\f31558\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fdbminor\f31559\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\fdbminor\f31561\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\fdbminor\f31562\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fdbminor\f31563\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\fdbminor\f31564\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}
{\fdbminor\f31565\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fdbminor\f31566\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\fhiminor\f31568\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Calibri CE;}
{\fhiminor\f31569\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Calibri Cyr;}{\fhiminor\f31571\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Calibri Greek;}{\fhiminor\f31572\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Calibri Tur;}
{\fhiminor\f31573\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Calibri (Hebrew);}{\fhiminor\f31574\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Calibri (Arabic);}{\fhiminor\f31575\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Calibri Baltic;}
{\fhiminor\f31576\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Calibri (Vietnamese);}{\fbiminor\f31578\fbidi \froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\fbiminor\f31579\fbidi \froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}
{\fbiminor\f31581\fbidi \froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\fbiminor\f31582\fbidi \froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\fbiminor\f31583\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\fbiminor\f31584\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\fbiminor\f31585\fbidi \froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\fbiminor\f31586\fbidi \froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;
\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;\caccentone\ctint255\cshade191\red54\green95\blue145;}{\*\defchp \fs22\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505 }{\*\defpap 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 }\noqfpromote {\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 
\af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 \snext0 \sqformat \spriority0 Normal;}{\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb480\sl276\slmult1
\keep\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af31503\afs28\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs28\cf17\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\f31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 \sbasedon0 \snext0 \slink15 \sqformat \spriority9 \styrsid14565713 heading 1;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden \sunhideused \spriority1 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\f31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 
\snext11 \ssemihidden \sunhideused Normal Table;}{\*\cs15 \additive \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af31503\afs28 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\fs28\cf17\loch\f31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501 \sbasedon10 \slink1 \slocked \spriority9 \styrsid14565713 Heading 1 Char;}}{\*\listtable
{\list\listtemplateid-489008024\listsimple{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01*;}{\levelnumbers;}}{\listname ;}\listid-2}}{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid-2
\listoverridecount1{\lfolevel\listoverrideformat{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat0\levelold\levelspace0\levelindent0{\leveltext\'01\u-3913 ?;}{\levelnumbers;}\f3\fbias0 }}\ls1}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6491593
\rsid14565713}{\mmathPr\mmathFont34\mbrkBin0\mbrkBinSub0\msmallFrac0\mdispDef1\mlMargin0\mrMargin0\mdefJc1\mwrapIndent1440\mintLim0\mnaryLim1}{\info{\operator Ajay}{\creatim\yr2022\mo4\dy27\hr19\min20}{\revtim\yr2022\mo4\dy27\hr19\min21}{\version2}
{\edmins1}{\nofpages6}{\nofwords2082}{\nofchars11872}{\nofcharsws13927}{\vern49247}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 http://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\trackmoves0\trackformatting1\donotembedsysfont0\relyonvml0\donotembedlingdata1\grfdocevents0\validatexml0\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors0\horzdoc\dghspace120\dgvspace120\dghorigin1701
\dgvorigin1984\dghshow0\dgvshow3\jcompress\viewkind1\viewscale100\rsidroot14565713 \nouicompat \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 2450}\nofeaturethrottle1\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1
\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5
\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s1\ql \li0\ri0\sb480\sl276\slmult1
\keep\keepn\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\outlinelevel0\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid14565713 \rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af31503\afs28\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\fs28\cf17\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\af31502\hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 {\rtlch\fcs1 \ab0\af37\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \b0\fs22\cf0\lang9\langfe16393\loch\af37\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\langnp9\insrsid14565713 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 
\af31503 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid14565713 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af31503 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \tab \tab \tab \hich\af31502\dbch\af31501\loch\f31502 Day 1 Assignment
\par }\pard\plain \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af31507\afs22\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs22\lang16393\langfe16393\loch\af31506\hich\af31506\dbch\af31505\cgrid\langnp16393\langfenp16393 {
\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Scripting languages:-
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 They are programming languages that don't require an explicit compilation step.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 For example,
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \tab In the normal case, you have to compile a C program before yo\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
u can run it. But in the normal case, you don't have to compile a JavaScript program before you run it. So JavaScript is sometimes called a "scripting" language.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 This line is getting more and more blurry since compilation can be so fast with modern hardwa\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
re and modern compilation techniques. For instance, V8, the JavaScript engine in Google Chrome and used a lot outside of the browser as well, actually compiles the JavaScript code on the fly into machine code, rather than interpreting it. (In fact, V8's a
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 n\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  optimizing two-phase compiler.)
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Also note that whether a language is a "scripting" language or not can be more about the environment than the language. There's no reason you can't write a C interpreter and use it as a scripting language (and people have)\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
. There's also no reason you can't compile JavaScript to machine code and store that in an executable file (and people have). The language Ruby is a good example of this: The original implementation was entirely interpreted (a "scripting" language), but t
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 h\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ere are now multiple compilers for it.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Some examples of "scripting" languages (e.g., languages that are traditionally used without an explicit compilation step):\line \tab  JavaScript, VBScript and VBA, Perl
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 And a small smattering of ones traditionally used with an\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  explicit compilation step:\line  C,C++\line 
Java (but note that Java is compiled to bytecode, which is then interpreted and/or recompiled at runtime)
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Pascal and then you have things like Python that sit in both camps: Python is widely used without a compilation st\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ep, but the main implementation (CPython) does that by compiling to bytecode on-the-fly and then running the bytecode in a VM, and it can write that bytecode out to files (.pyc, .pyo) for use without recompiling.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 The differences are becoming fewer and les\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
s important. Traditionally, scripting languages extend existing programs... I think that's the main definition of "scripting" is that it refers to writing a set of instructions for an existing entity to perform. However, where scripting languages started 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 w\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 ith proprietary and colloquial syntax, most of the prevalent ones these days owe some relationship to C.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I think the "interpreted vs compiled" distinction is really a symptom of extending an existing program (with a built in interpreter), rather than an i\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ntrinsic difference. What programmers and laymen are more concerned about is, "what is the programmer doing?" The fact that one program is interpreted and another is compiled means very little in determining the difference in activity by the creator.

\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I'm \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
in a discord with the fact that languages using interpreters are scripting languages and the one gets compiled are programming languages. We can develop an interpreter or compiler for any language. Interpreted environment suits web scripting better and ma
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 k\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 es it easier that's why we have it.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Well, I feel like there isn't any difference between scripting language and programming language. It's all about getting the job done. When it comes to web related tasks we call them Web scripts considering small task a\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
nd that way we may also call the system related tasks as system or OS level scripts and the programming language we use to accomplish those tasks as system scripting languages.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Also it's not so that one cannot write system level code in Python and Web scr\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ipts in C language (definitely one can do if we can establish the required platform and environment). But all it takes is too much of effort which may affect the time constraint for the rapid development and the small bit of latency reduced is not going t
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  benefit us much in web scripts. But the wise versa is not true if we perform system level tasks in Python.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Bottom line: language selection depends upon the nature of the task to be performed and discriminating a language as scripting language is a myth.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 To understand the difference between a scripting language and a programming language, one has to understand why scripting languages were born.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Initially, there were programming languages that was written to build programs like excel, word, browsers, game\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
s and etc. These programs were built with languages like c and java. Overtime, these programs needed a way for users to create new functionality, so they had to provide an interface to their bytecode and hence scripting languages were born.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 A scripting la\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
nguage usually isnt compiled so can run as soon as you write something meaningful. Hence excel may be built using C++ but it exposes a scripting language called VBA for users to define functionality. Similarly browsers may be built with C++/Java but they 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 xpose a scripting language called javascript (not related to java in any way). Games, are usually built with C++ but expose a language called Lua for users to define custom functionality.

\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 A scripting language usually sits behind some programming language.\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 Scripting languages usually have less access to the computers native abilities since they run on a subset of the original programming language. An example here is that Javascript will not be able to access your file system. Scripting languages are usuall
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 y\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  slower than programming languages.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Although scripting languages may have less access and are slower, they can be very powerful tools. One factor attributing to a scripting languages success is the ease of updating. Do you remember the days of java applet\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
s on the web, this is an example of running a programming language (java) vs running a scripting language (javascript). At the time, computers were not as powerful and javascript wasn't as mature so Java applets dominated the scenes. But Java applets were
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
annoying, they required the user to sort of load and compile the language. Fast forward to today, Java applets are almost extinct and Javascript dominates the scene. Javascript is extremely fast to load since most of the browser components have been insta
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 l\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 led already.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Lastly, scripting languages are also considered programming languages (although some people refuse to accept this) - the term we should be using here is scripting languages vs compiled languages.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Back when the world was young and in the PC w\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
orld you chose from .exe or .bat, the delineation was simple. Unix systems have always had shell scripts (/bin/sh, /bin/csh, /bin/ksh, etc) and Compiled languages (C/C++/Fortran).
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 To differentiate roles and responsibilities, the compiled languages (often \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
referred to as 3rd Generation Languages) were seen a 'programming' languages and 'scripting' languages were seen as those that invoked an interpreter (often referred to as 4th Generation Languages). Scripting languages were often used as 'glue' to connect
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
between multiple commands/compiled programs so that the user didn't have to worry about a set of steps in order to carry out their task - they developed a single file, that delineated what steps they wanted to accomplish, and this became a 'script' for an
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 y\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 one to follow.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Various people/groups wrote new interpreters to solve a specific problem domain. awk is one of the better-known ones, and it was used mostly for pattern matching and applying a series of data transforms on input. It worked well, but had a l
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
imited problem domain. The expansion of that domain was all but impossible because the source code was unavailable. Perl (Larry Wall, principle author/architect) tool scripting to the next level - and developed an interpreter that not only allowed the use
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 r\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 to run system commands, manipulate input and output data, supported typeless variables, but also to access Unix system level APIs as functions from within the scripts themselves. It was probably one of the first widely used high-level scripting languages
.\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  It is with Perl (IMHO) that scripting languages crossed the arbitrary line and added the capabilities of programming languages.
\par \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Your question was specifically about Python. Because the python interpreter runs against a text file containing the python cod\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
e, and that the python code can run anywhere that there is a python interpreter, I would say that it is a scripting language (in the same vein as Perl). You do not need to recompile the user python command file for each different OS/CPU Architecture (as y
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 o\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 u would with C/C++/Fortran), making it significantly more portable and easier to use.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Scripted languages:-
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Scripting languages are interpreted within another program. JavaScript is embedded within a browser and interpreted by that browser.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Examples of scripting languages:-}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \line \tab 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 JavaScript, rl, Python
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Advantages of Scripting languages:-
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Simple \hich\f37 \endash \loch\f37  Scripting languages are easier to write than programming language.\line Fewer Lines of Code (LOC)
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \line \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Programmed languages}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 :-}{
\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Programming languages like Java are \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 compiled and not interpreted by another application in the same way.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Examples}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\f37\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 :-}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 C}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
, }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 C++}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 ,}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  Java
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Scripting languages are programming languages that people consider as scripting languages. It's an artificial category with no clear boundary, and where every pro\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
posed rule has an exception.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
The classical rules used to say that a language is a scripting language are characterizing, not defining. If a language satisfies a number of the rules, there is a good chance it's considered a scripting language. If not, ther
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e's a good chance it's not. The rules usually include:
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\ltrpar \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f3\fs22\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9 \loch\af3\dbch\af31505\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}}\pard \ltrpar\ql \fi-360\li720\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault{\*\pn \pnlvlblt\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0
\pnf3 {\pntxtb \'b7}}\faauto\ls1\rin0\lin720\itap0\pararsid14565713 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 It's intended for small "scripts", not large programs.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\ltrpar \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f3\fs22\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9 \loch\af3\dbch\af31505\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
It's embedded in another application, used for small modifications of that application.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\ltrpar \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f3\fs22\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9 \loch\af3\dbch\af31505\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 It's interpreted rather than compiled.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\ltrpar \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f3\fs22\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9 \loch\af3\dbch\af31505\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 It's inten\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ded for novice programmers, not professionals.
\par {\pntext\pard\plain\ltrpar \rtlch\fcs1 \af37\afs22 \ltrch\fcs0 \f3\fs22\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9 \loch\af3\dbch\af31505\hich\f3 \'b7\tab}\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 It's name ends in "script".
\par }\pard \ltrpar\ql \li0\ri0\sa200\sl276\slmult1\nowidctlpar\wrapdefault\faauto\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 I would add:\line }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 A scripting language is a programming language where almost all errors are detected at runtime.
\par \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 That is, it could be an interpreted language.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 If a programming langu\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
age has significant "compile-time" behavior where it analyses the code and reports errors without running the program, like type errors from C, Java or C#, then it's most likely not considered a scripting language.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Traditionally a lot of scripting languag\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
es have been interpreted directly from source, but the more popular of them have gotten more performant implementations that precompile the code, like Python's .pyc files, or optimizing JavaScript engines that compile to native code before running.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 If the\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 language could be implemented by an interpreter, which only looks at the source code as it is running it, then it's likely considered a scripting language. Whether it actually is implemented that way is not important, but if it can be, then it also can't
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 require extensive compile-time error checking of the code.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
If the language provides a useful static semantics which helps detect errors (other than syntax errors) without needing to run the program, it's probably not a scripting language.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
There are always exceptions, usually based on tradition around a language more than any actual rule. BASIC is not usually considered a "scripting language", even though it satisfies pretty much all the criteria that anyone has ever used for being one. Tha
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 's why Visual Basic Script had to add the "script" to the name, to distinguish itself from Visual Basic, a "real" programming language intended for larger programs.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 BASIC}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  is also an old programming language, like COBOL and Fortran, from before people expe\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
cted static analysis from a language, and basically before "scripting languages" were even a thing.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Programming Language : }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
Is compiled to machine code and run on the hardware of the underlying Operating System.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Scripting Language:}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \b\i\f37\insrsid6491593 -}{\rtlch\fcs1 \ab\ai\af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\b\i\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \line }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 It i}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 s}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  a}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  unstructure su\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
bset of programming language. It is generally interpreted. it basically "scripts" other things to do stuff. The primary focus isn't primarily building your own apps but getting an existing app to act the way you want, e.g. JavaScript for browsers, TCL etc
.,
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
But there are situation where a programming language is converted to interpreter and vice-verse like use have a C interpreter where you can 'C' Script. Scripts are generally written to control an application behaviour where as Programming Language is us
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 e to build applications. But beware that the demarcation is blurring day - by - day as an example of Python it depends on how one uses the language.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 In S\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
cripting languages like (JavaScript and old PHP versions) we use existing fundamental functions and method for performing our job. Lets take an example in JavaScript we can use ajax or web-sockets only if they are supported by browser or methods exist or 
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 t\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 hem in browser. But in languages like C or C++ , Java we can write that feature from scratch even if any library for that feature is not available but we can't do so in JavaScript.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 Basically in Scripting languages we write a code in a sequence which execu
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
te existing methods in a sequence to complete our job. Entering numbers and formula in a digital calculator to do a operation is also a very example of scripting language.We should note that the compiler/run-time-environment of every scripting language is
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 always written in programming language in which we can add more features and methods and can write new libraries.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
PHP This is language which is somewhat b/w programming and scripting. We can add new methods by adding compiled extensions written in another\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
 High Level Language. We can't add high level features of networking or creating image processing libraries directly in PHP.
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\insrsid6491593 \tab \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 If we see logically programming language and scripting language so this is 99.09% same . because we use same concept like loop , c\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 
ontrol condition ,variable and all so we can say yes both are same but there is only one thing is different between them that is in C/C++ and other programming language we compile the code before execution . but in the PHP , JavaScript and other scripting
\hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37  \hich\af37\dbch\af31505\loch\f37 language we don't need to compile we directly execute in the browser.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af37 \ltrch\fcs0 \f37\lang9\langfe16393\langnp9\insrsid6491593 
\par }{\*\themedata 504b030414000600080000002100e9de0fbfff0000001c020000130000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6cac91cb4ec3301045f748fc83e52d4a
9cb2400825e982c78ec7a27cc0c8992416c9d8b2a755fbf74cd25442a820166c2cd933f79e3be372bd1f07b5c3989ca74aaff2422b24eb1b475da5df374fd9ad
5689811a183c61a50f98f4babebc2837878049899a52a57be670674cb23d8e90721f90a4d2fa3802cb35762680fd800ecd7551dc18eb899138e3c943d7e503b6
b01d583deee5f99824e290b4ba3f364eac4a430883b3c092d4eca8f946c916422ecab927f52ea42b89a1cd59c254f919b0e85e6535d135a8de20f20b8c12c3b0
0c895fcf6720192de6bf3b9e89ecdbd6596cbcdd8eb28e7c365ecc4ec1ff1460f53fe813d3cc7f5b7f020000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b0000005f72656c732f2e72656c73848fcf6ac3300c87ef85bd83d17d51d2c31825762fa590432fa37d00e1287f68221bdb1bebdb4f
c7060abb0884a4eff7a93dfeae8bf9e194e720169aaa06c3e2433fcb68e1763dbf7f82c985a4a725085b787086a37bdbb55fbc50d1a33ccd311ba548b6309512
0f88d94fbc52ae4264d1c910d24a45db3462247fa791715fd71f989e19e0364cd3f51652d73760ae8fa8c9ffb3c330cc9e4fc17faf2ce545046e37944c69e462
a1a82fe353bd90a865aad41ed0b5b8f9d6fd010000ffff0300504b0304140006000800000021006b799616830000008a0000001c0000007468656d652f746865
6d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c0ccc4d0ac3201040e17da17790d93763bb284562b2cbaebbf600439c1a41c7a0d29fdbd7e5e38337cedf14d59b
4b0d592c9c070d8a65cd2e88b7f07c2ca71ba8da481cc52c6ce1c715e6e97818c9b48d13df49c873517d23d59085adb5dd20d6b52bd521ef2cdd5eb9246a3d8b
4757e8d3f729e245eb2b260a0238fd010000ffff0300504b03041400060008000000210030dd4329a8060000a41b0000160000007468656d652f7468656d652f
7468656d65312e786d6cec594f6fdb3614bf0fd87720746f6327761a07758ad8b19b2d4d1bc46e871e698996d850a240d2497d1bdae38001c3ba618715d86d87
615b8116d8a5fb34d93a6c1dd0afb0475292c5585e9236d88aad3e2412f9e3fbff1e1fa9abd7eec70c1d1221294fda5efd72cd4324f1794093b0eddd1ef62fad
79482a9c0498f184b4bd2991deb58df7dfbb8ad755446282607d22d771db8b944ad79796a40fc3585ee62949606ecc458c15bc8a702910f808e8c66c69b9565b
5d8a314d3c94e018c8de1a8fa94fd05093f43672e23d06af89927ac06762a049136785c10607758d9053d965021d62d6f6804fc08f86e4bef210c352c144dbab
999fb7b4717509af678b985ab0b6b4ae6f7ed9ba6c4170b06c788a705430adf71bad2b5b057d03606a1ed7ebf5babd7a41cf00b0ef83a6569632cd467faddec9
699640f6719e76b7d6ac355c7c89feca9cccad4ea7d36c65b258a206641f1b73f8b5da6a6373d9c11b90c537e7f08dce66b7bbeae00dc8e257e7f0fd2badd586
8b37a088d1e4600ead1ddaef67d40bc898b3ed4af81ac0d76a197c86826828a24bb318f3442d8ab518dfe3a20f000d6458d104a9694ac6d88728eee2782428d6
0cf03ac1a5193be4cbb921cd0b495fd054b5bd0f530c1931a3f7eaf9f7af9e3f45c70f9e1d3ff8e9f8e1c3e3073f5a42ceaa6d9c84e5552fbffdeccfc71fa33f
9e7ef3f2d117d57859c6fffac327bffcfc793510d26726ce8b2f9ffcf6ecc98baf3efdfdbb4715f04d814765f890c644a29be408edf3181433567125272371be
15c308d3f28acd249438c19a4b05fd9e8a1cf4cd296699771c393ac4b5e01d01e5a30a787d72cf1178108989a2159c77a2d801ee72ce3a5c545a6147f32a9979
3849c26ae66252c6ed637c58c5bb8b13c7bfbd490a75330f4b47f16e441c31f7184e140e494214d273fc80900aedee52ead87597fa824b3e56e82e451d4c2b4d
32a423279a668bb6690c7e9956e90cfe766cb37b077538abd27a8b1cba48c80acc2a841f12e698f13a9e281c57911ce298950d7e03aba84ac8c154f8655c4f2a
f074481847bd804859b5e696007d4b4edfc150b12addbecba6b18b148a1e54d1bc81392f23b7f84137c2715a851dd0242a633f900710a218ed715505dfe56e86
e877f0034e16bafb0e258ebb4faf06b769e888340b103d331115bebc4eb813bf83291b63624a0d1475a756c734f9bbc2cd28546ecbe1e20a3794ca175f3fae90
fb6d2dd99bb07b55e5ccf68942bd0877b23c77b908e8db5f9db7f024d9239010f35bd4bbe2fcae387bfff9e2bc289f2fbe24cfaa301468dd8bd846dbb4ddf1c2
ae7b4c191ba8292337a469bc25ec3d411f06f53a73e224c5292c8de0516732307070a1c0660d125c7d44553488700a4d7bddd3444299910e254ab984c3a219ae
a4adf1d0f82b7bd46cea4388ad1c12ab5d1ed8e1153d9c9f350a3246aad01c6873462b9ac05999ad5cc988826eafc3acae853a33b7ba11cd1445875ba1b236b1
399483c90bd560b0b0263435085a21b0f22a9cf9356b38ec6046026d77eba3dc2dc60b17e92219e180643ed27acffba86e9c94c7ca9c225a0f1b0cfae0788ad5
4adc5a9aec1b703b8b93caec1a0bd8e5de7b132fe5113cf312503b998e2c2927274bd051db6b35979b1ef271daf6c6704e86c73805af4bdd476216c26593af84
0dfb5393d964f9cc9bad5c313709ea70f561ed3ea7b053075221d51696910d0d339585004b34272bff7213cc7a510a5454a3b349b1b206c1f0af490176745d4b
c663e2abb2b34b23da76f6352ba57ca2881844c1111ab189d8c7e07e1daaa04f40255c77988aa05fe06e4e5bdb4cb9c5394bbaf28d98c1d971ccd20867e556a7
689ec9166e0a522183792b8907ba55ca6e943bbf2a26e52f48957218ffcf54d1fb09dc3eac04da033e5c0d0b8c74a6b43d2e54c4a10aa511f5fb021a07533b20
5ae07e17a621a8e082dafc17e450ffb739676998b48643a4daa7211214f623150942f6a02c99e83b85583ddbbb2c4996113211551257a656ec1139246ca86be0
aadedb3d1441a89b6a929501833b197fee7b9641a3503739e57c732a59b1f7da1cf8a73b1f9bcca0945b874d4393dbbf10b1680f66bbaa5d6f96e77b6f59113d
316bb31a795600b3d256d0cad2fe354538e7566b2bd69cc6cbcd5c38f0e2bcc63058344429dc2121fd07f63f2a7c66bf76e80d75c8f7a1b622f878a18941d840
545fb28d07d205d20e8ea071b283369834296bdaac75d256cb37eb0bee740bbe278cad253b8bbfcf69eca23973d939b97891c6ce2cecd8da8e2d343578f6648a
c2d0383fc818c798cf64e52f597c740f1cbd05df0c264c49134cf09d4a60e8a107260f20f92d47b374e32f000000ffff0300504b030414000600080000002100
0dd1909fb60000001b010000270000007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73848f4d0ac2301484f7
8277086f6fd3ba109126dd88d0add40384e4350d363f2451eced0dae2c082e8761be9969bb979dc9136332de3168aa1a083ae995719ac16db8ec8e4052164e89
d93b64b060828e6f37ed1567914b284d262452282e3198720e274a939cd08a54f980ae38a38f56e422a3a641c8bbd048f7757da0f19b017cc524bd62107bd500
1996509affb3fd381a89672f1f165dfe514173d9850528a2c6cce0239baa4c04ca5bbabac4df000000ffff0300504b01022d0014000600080000002100e9de0f
bfff0000001c0200001300000000000000000000000000000000005b436f6e74656e745f54797065735d2e786d6c504b01022d0014000600080000002100a5d6
a7e7c0000000360100000b00000000000000000000000000300100005f72656c732f2e72656c73504b01022d00140006000800000021006b799616830000008a
0000001c00000000000000000000000000190200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c504b01022d00140006000800000021
0030dd4329a8060000a41b00001600000000000000000000000000d60200007468656d652f7468656d652f7468656d65312e786d6c504b01022d001400060008
00000021000dd1909fb60000001b0100002700000000000000000000000000b20900007468656d652f7468656d652f5f72656c732f7468656d654d616e616765722e786d6c2e72656c73504b050600000000050005005d010000ad0a00000000}
{\*\colorschememapping 3c3f786d6c2076657273696f6e3d22312e302220656e636f64696e673d225554462d3822207374616e64616c6f6e653d22796573223f3e0d0a3c613a636c724d
617020786d6c6e733a613d22687474703a2f2f736368656d61732e6f70656e786d6c666f726d6174732e6f72672f64726177696e676d6c2f323030362f6d6169
6e22206267313d226c743122207478313d22646b3122206267323d226c743222207478323d22646b322220616363656e74313d22616363656e74312220616363
656e74323d22616363656e74322220616363656e74333d22616363656e74332220616363656e74343d22616363656e74342220616363656e74353d22616363656e74352220616363656e74363d22616363656e74362220686c696e6b3d22686c696e6b2220666f6c486c696e6b3d22666f6c486c696e6b222f3e}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax267\lsdlockeddef0\lsdsemihiddendef1\lsdunhideuseddef1\lsdqformatdef0\lsdprioritydef99{\lsdlockedexcept \lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority0 \lsdlocked0 Normal;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 1;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 2;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 3;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 4;
\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 5;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 6;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 7;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 8;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority9 \lsdlocked0 heading 9;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 1;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 2;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 3;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 4;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 5;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 6;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 7;
\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 8;\lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 toc 9;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority35 \lsdlocked0 caption;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority10 \lsdlocked0 Title;\lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 Default Paragraph Font;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority11 \lsdlocked0 Subtitle;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority22 \lsdlocked0 Strong;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority20 \lsdlocked0 Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority59 \lsdlocked0 Table Grid;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Placeholder Text;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority1 \lsdlocked0 No Spacing;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 1;\lsdunhideused0 \lsdlocked0 Revision;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority34 \lsdlocked0 List Paragraph;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority29 \lsdlocked0 Quote;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority30 \lsdlocked0 Intense Quote;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 1;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 1;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 2;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 2;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 3;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 3;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 4;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 4;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 5;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 5;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority60 \lsdlocked0 Light Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority61 \lsdlocked0 Light List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority62 \lsdlocked0 Light Grid Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority63 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority64 \lsdlocked0 Medium Shading 2 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority65 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 1 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority66 \lsdlocked0 Medium List 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority67 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 1 Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority68 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 2 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority69 \lsdlocked0 Medium Grid 3 Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority70 \lsdlocked0 Dark List Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority71 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Shading Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority72 \lsdlocked0 Colorful List Accent 6;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdpriority73 \lsdlocked0 Colorful Grid Accent 6;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority19 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Emphasis;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority21 \lsdlocked0 Intense Emphasis;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority31 \lsdlocked0 Subtle Reference;\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority32 \lsdlocked0 Intense Reference;
\lsdsemihidden0 \lsdunhideused0 \lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority33 \lsdlocked0 Book Title;\lsdpriority37 \lsdlocked0 Bibliography;\lsdqformat1 \lsdpriority39 \lsdlocked0 TOC Heading;}}{\*\datastore 010500000200000018000000
4d73786d6c322e534158584d4c5265616465722e362e3000000000000000000000060000
d0cf11e0a1b11ae1000000000000000000000000000000003e000300feff090006000000000000000000000001000000010000000000000000100000feffffff00000000feffffff0000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
fffffffffffffffffdfffffffeffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff
ffffffffffffffffffffffffffffffff52006f006f007400200045006e00740072007900000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000016000500ffffffffffffffffffffffff0c6ad98892f1d411a65f0040963251e5000000000000000000000000b012
cfdd3d5ad801feffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000ffffffffffffffffffffffff000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000105000000000000}}